[Docs] Add intro and quickstart docs (#859)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/getting-started/introduction.md

# Introduction

> <p class="description">Quickly build internal tools. MUI Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend the MUI React components. It's designed for developers of all trades who want to save time building internal applications.</p>

Author: This is taken from the repo index https://github.com/mui/mui-toolpad - should we change the copy there as well? 

@prakhargupta1 @apedroferreira changed the content in the docs, please lemme know what you think

## What is Toolpad?

Learn a few core concepts of the Toolpad app and you are ready to ship your application in minutes! Drag & drop pre-built UI components, connect your data sources, release your app - and you're done!

![Editor screenshot](/static/toolpad/marketing/hero-screenshot.png)

## How Toolpad works?

- [Build UI](/toolpad/core-concepts/building-ui/) using our drag & drop editor

> - [Configure and fetch](/toolpad/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/) data from HTTP endpoints, Google sheets or even directly from Postgres SQL DB

Reviewer: [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) seems to refer to themselves as "PostgreSQL" on their website. Updating it in the app as well https://github.com/mui/mui-toolpad/pull/894

```suggestion
- [Configure and fetch](/toolpad/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/) data from HTTP endpoints, Google sheets or even directly from PostgreSQL
```

Author: From wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PostgreSQL

> PostgreSQL also known as Postgres...

I guess both should be fine

# Introduction

> 
> ## What is Toolpad?
> 
> <p class="description">
> Quickly build internal tools. MUI Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend the MUI React components. It's designed for developers of all trade who want to save time building internal applications.
> </p>

Reviewer 2: The description needs to be right after the h1:

```suggestion

<p class="description">Quickly build internal tools. MUI Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend the MUI React components. It's designed for developers of all trades who want to save time building internal applications.</p>

## What is Toolpad?
```

*x the other pages*

Reviewer 2: Also, this description is too long. It needs to be between 110 and 160 characters.

Author: I took description from our repository, wondering which parts should we omit to make it shorter?

Maybe it would be enough to ditch the last sentence?

> Quickly build internal tools. MUI Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend the MUI React components.
